
1 Intro: 
  After weighing in for one of my boxing matches, the coach made sure I drank some coconut water to "recover" from cutting weight. 
  Feeling refreshed I thought "how does a coconut even help recovery?" Being closer to a drupe rather than a nut, the coconut 
  is a fruit that grows from a type of palm tree called the cocos nucifera. There are 3 layers to the cococnut: the husk, the 
  hard shell, and the coconut flesh. Although people gernally think of food when it comes to coconuts, coconuts are actually 
  much more versatile and can be used for medicines, industrial uses, as well as various food dishes.
2 Medicine
  The coconut has been used for its medicinal benefits for 1000's of years in cultures such as the Philippines where coconuts grow 
  locally. In traditional medicine, the coconut is used to treat health problems such as asthma, burns, nausea, 
  skin infections, and many more. Taking a look at modern medicine only confirms everything traditional medicine used coconuts
  for. Modern medicine confirms that coconuts can be used to kill bacteria that cause disease, fungi that cause infections, and even 
  viruses. Coconuts can also be used to support the body's functions such as the immune system, and help the body utilize fat more 
  efficiently. The majority of these benefits are found in the coconut's oil! The oil has so many health benefits that it is 
  said to be the most healthies oils on Earth regardless of its high fat content.
3 Industrial Use
  Along with being used for medicines, coconuts are also processed to make products for industry. Many products have come 
  from just using the husk, leaves, and copra alone. The fibery hairs on the husk is used to make mats, ropes, brushes. In the
  Philippines they use bunots or dried half coconut shells to buff floors. The coconut tree leaves have been used to make 
  brooms, baskets, mats, arrows, and the list goes on. Finally the dried flesh of the fruit called the copra is processed to make 
  coconut oil, which is used for soaps, cosmetics, and massage oil.
4 Food
  I used to only see the coconut's meat for food, but the coconut can be used and processed for a wide assortment of food 
  products. First off, coconut oil which was discussed earlier can be used for frying food and as and ingredient for flavor or
  added nutrients. Coconut water is consumed in most tropical areas by itself but it can also be fermented into vinegar, and
  has more recently been used as a post workout drink. While the meat can be eaten raw, it can also be pressed and grated into 
  coconut milk which is used in popular dishes such as curry, and various baked goods. 
5 Conclusion
  In conclusion, the coconut is extremely versatile and it's no wonder that all the tropical survival stories start with
  scavenging coconuts on the beach. Coconuts have applications in medicine, in various industries such as brooms, and in the 
  culinary world within food dishes like curry. So the next time you feel refreshed from drinking coconut water, remember that 
  you are holding only one of many products that can be produced from the coconut.
